docs(utils): fix grammar + typos (#10659)
remix-run/remix: docs/index.md

  <a href="/discussion/introduction" aria-label="Technical Explanation">
    <docs-card>
      <h4 class="text-blue-brand">I'm just curious...</h4>

>       <p>Start with the <span style="text-decoration:underline">Technical Explanation</span>. Remix is a new kind of web framework that we like to call "centerstack". It blends old and new web development models uniquely that deserves some explanation!</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Start with the <span style="text-decoration:underline">Technical Explanation</span>. Remix is a new kind of web framework that we like to call "centerstack". It blends old and new web development models in a unique way that deserves some explanation!</p>
```
